---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azidentity_client_secret_credential Ephemeral Resource - azidentity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The azidentity_client_secret_credential resource enables authentication via an Azure Client ID and Client Secret. It is intended for service principals that require a static secret for authentication.
---

# azidentity_client_secret_credential (Ephemeral Resource)

The `azidentity_client_secret_credential` resource enables authentication via an Azure **Client ID** and **Client Secret**. It is intended for service principals that require a static secret for authentication.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">= 1.10.0"
  required_providers {
    azidentity = {
      source = "co-native-ab/azidentity"
    }
  }
}

provider "azidentity" {}

ephemeral "azidentity_client_secret_credential" "this" {
  tenant_id     = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  client_id     = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  client_secret = "supersecret"
  scopes        = ["https://management.azure.com/.default"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) ClientID is the application ID of the client.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) ClientSecret is the client secret of the client.
- `scopes` (Set of String) Scopes contains the list of permission scopes required for the token. E.g. https://management.azure.com/.default for Azure Resource Manager or https://graph.microsoft.com/.default for Microsoft Graph.
- `tenant_id` (String) TenantID sets the default tenant for authentication via the Azure CLI and workload identity. Use 'organizations' or 'common' if you can't provide one but required to use one.

### Optional

- `additionally_allowed_tenants` (Set of String) AdditionallyAllowedTenants specifies tenants to which the credential may authenticate, in addition to TenantID. When TenantID is empty, this option has no effect and the credential will authenticate to any requested tenant. Add the wildcard value '*' to allow the credential to authenticate to any tenant. This value can also be set as a semicolon delimited list of tenants in the environment variable AZURE_ADDITIONALLY_ALLOWED_TENANTS. The default is an empty list.
- `claims` (String) Claims are any additional claims required for the token to satisfy a conditional access policy, such as a service may return in a claims challenge following an authorization failure. If a service returned the claims value base64 encoded, it must be decoded before setting this field. The default is an empty string.
- `cloud` (String) Cloud specifies a cloud for the client. The default is AzurePublic.
- `continue_on_error` (Boolean) ContinueOnError indicates whether to continue on error when acquiring a token. The default is false.
- `disable_instance_discovery` (Boolean) DisableInstanceDiscovery should be set true only by applications authenticating in disconnected clouds, or private clouds such as Azure Stack. It determines whether the credential requests Microsoft Entra instance metadata from https://login.microsoft.com before authenticating. Setting this to true will skip this request, making the application responsible for ensuring the configured authority is valid and trustworthy. The default is false.
- `enable_cae` (Boolean) EnableCAE indicates whether to enable Continuous Access Evaluation (CAE) for the requested token. When true, azidentity credentials request CAE tokens for resource APIs supporting CAE. Clients are responsible for handling CAE challenges. If a client that doesn't handle CAE challenges receives a CAE token, it may end up in a loop retrying an API call with a token that has been revoked due to CAE. The default is false.
- `timeout` (String) Timeout sets the maximum time allowed for the request to complete, the string is a possibly signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as '300ms', '1.5h' or '2h45m'. Valid time units are 'ns', 'us' (or 'µs'), 'ms', 's', 'm', 'h'. The default is 30 seconds ('30s').

### Read-Only

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) The issued access token.
- `error` (String) Error message if acquiring a token failed.
- `expires_on` (String) When the issued access token expires in RFC3339 format.
- `success` (Boolean) Indicates if a token was successfully acquired.
